Updated documentation of arangoimport (#909)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/programs-arangoimport-details.md

disk device. An unlimited (really fast) disk device might not need
pacing. Raising the number of threads via the `--threads X` command
line to any value of `X` greater than 2 will increase the total

> throughput used. <strong>Warning</strong>: using parelellism with the
> parameter `--threads X` can lead to a race condition when there are duplicates
> e.g. multiple equal `_key`values, so even ignoring the duplicates will make the
> output unpredictable, meaning not knowing which document will be inserted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
throughput used. 

<strong>Warning</strong>: using parellelism with the parameter `--threads X` 
together with the parameter `--on-duplicate` set to `ignore`, `update` or `replace` can 
lead to a race condition when there are duplicates e.g. multiple identical `_key`
values. Even ignoring the duplicates will make the result unpredictable, meaning 
it is not predictable which versions of the documents will be inserted.
```
